---
layout: post
title: "Behold, The Overpaid Quarterback"
description: ""
category:
tags: []
date: 2015-10-26
image: /assets/article_images/2015-10-26-behold-the-overpaid-quarterback/cutler3.jpg
---

With so many quarterbacks being signed to big contracts over the last couple years, I thought it would be appropriate to see which signal callers are single-handedly holding their teams hostage financially. I understand the it is easily the most valuable position in the game, and that you have to invest in and reward your guy if you want to have any chance at winning. But! It still is $143.28 million divided between 53 players, right??? Some of the money being spent lately has been baffling, with teams desperately (blindly?) throwing money at very 'questionable' players. I get it... without a franchise, or at least clear starting quarterback, you are doomed in this league. The Redskins, Texans, and Browns are just plain screwed, and by looks of it there are at least three more QB controversies in the making. But with Flacco, Cutler, and several others shitting the bed Sunday after Sunday, I cannot hold my tongue anymore. Against all common sense, these payroll sponges are getting massive contracts despite their mediocre play are being paid like top tier gun slingers. So without further ado, here is my list.

1) Jay Cutler ($126,700,000) - Jesus. Just look at that number. LOOK AT IT!!! Had they paid him 1/10th of that, he would still be at the top of this list. Words just can't express... Jay Cutler and Eli Manning should have to square off in Thunderdome... "Two bitches enter, one bitch leaves". BUT I DIGRESS!!! I love the NFC North, lovingly called the 'black and blue division', because of the rich tradition and smash mouth style of football that it has enjoyed for decades. The Bears are a great organization and have my respect, but I am not sure what they were thinking when they signed Cutler to such a rich contract for seven looooooong years. They cannot trade him with that salary, and have absolutely no leverage whatsoever. I don't even need to quote stats here; you know who he is, you see what he does. It is fun to have him in our division though...

2) Eli Manning ($84,000,000) - No, it isn't just because I don't like his face or that I think he acts like a little bitch with a skint knee. This guy leads a sad Giants team that is barely holding on to first place in the NFC East, which seems to be the new NFC South (or the AFC South; I dont know which is worse). Honestly, leading this division is like being the smartest kid with Down's syndrome, so no credit there. Their win this past week against the the depleted Cowboys came by way of a special teams TD and a defensive TD. Manning had 13 completions for 170 yards. Awesome. All while having a face that looks like he smells something bad. Well you do, brah; it's your play.

3) Colin Kaepernick ($114,000,000) - This is probably the worst value on the list. Yes, Cutler is Cutler so he defaults to first place, but Kap's play has been God awful and he no longer has the pieces in play to cover his ineptitudes... Granted, San Fran was smart enough to guarantee only a small portion of this (11.4%, which is very, very low on the scale), so maybe they were suspicious all along, but a $19M/yr salary will definitely cripple a team with this many needs. Keeping Alex Smith was the better move, IMO, but then again Kansas City isn't exactly killing it this year either. Pick your poison...

4) Joe Flacco ($120,600,000) - This was the contract that started this whole shit storm. Middle-tier QB has a good Super Bowl outing at the perfect time. Good for him, back for the league. Now we have Ryan Tannehill making $20M/yr, which is mind boggling, and unfortunately the trend has been set. Flacco is not a bad QB, but middle of the pack AT BEST, as his numbers this year support. He has just as many turnovers as touchdowns this season, and his QB rating has only been above '90' twice in his 8 year career. This year his offense is dead middle of the road statistically which belies their record, but a franchise QB needs to convert that into something more than a 1-6 record...

In stark contrast, Mr. Giselle Bundchen makes a 'paltry' $9M/yr on a $27M contract from the Patriots which is a crazy steal. And in a move of 'team first', took a hefty pay cut this past offseason when he moved his 'skill' guarantee to 'injury' guarantee meaning he gets paid that $24M only if he is injured. I looooooath Coach BelliCheat and his arrogant organization (doesnt everyone outside of New England?), but Brady gets props on this one. Then again, when your wife makes $47M/yr, what do you care??? I had considered putting Matt Ryan on the list at #5 because the Falcons usually blow and he is on the books for $103M at just over $20M/yr. But, the team is doing well (thanks to Davonta Freeman and Julio Jones) despite his 9 TD's to 8 turnovers, so I will give him a pass. For now... I get it, the trend to pay average players 'above average money' (or even insane money in the case of Cutler) is a desperate attempt to keep from sliding further down into the hole; grasping at straws, really. Meh, not my money...
