---
layout: post
title: "A Bell In A China Shop"
description: ""
category:
tags: []
date: 2015-10-17
image: /assets/article_images/2015-10-17-a-bell-in-a-china-shop/bell.jpg
---

Le'veon Bell cost me the office pool, and I have never had so much fun watching my money go down the drain. Except for naked blackjack, but that is another story... Granted, trying to enjoy the game with a host of Chargers fans definitely put a damper on any outward excitement, but man what a finish. You have great big brass ones, Tomlin. Love it. I am beginning to realize what a dejected group of fans we have here in San Diego (I guess this is what it is like to root for the Browns), and they almost expect the worst to happen. There is a rumor about Phillip Rivers being part owner of a local bakery; something about his fondness for turnovers... But I digress! it really would not surprise me if this team makes its way to LA; they really do need rabid, passionate fans who don't expect the worst on a weekly basis.

Ok moving on, I absolutely love Joe Montana's thoughts on Bill BeliCheat and the Patriots this past week. “They always say, ‘If you ain’t cheating you ain’t trying.’ So they’re trying hard,”. That's freaking hysterical. They aren't fooling anyone, and I suppose at this level the end justifies the means. Only a bunch of Massholes (great new word for New Englanders I learned this week) would cheat and not have the stones to own up to it. But then again that entire organization feels so entitled that "above the law" is their permanent place of residency... Montana has said in the past that a quarterback can tell when he picks up a football if it’s underinflated, but Montana also said that Deflategate was no big deal. That’s still how he feels. “You know, everybody does everything they can to possibly get a little bit of an edge. I mean, back then it wasn’t illegal but it was illegal, like our guys used to spray — and everybody did it at the time — silicone on their jerseys, the linemen, so that the defensive linemen couldn’t get a hold of them. And the defensive linemen did it so the offensive linemen couldn’t hold them,” Montana said. “It’s a game. Everybody wants to win, so you do whatever you can to make it happen.” The charm of the old-school mentally no longer applies to today's game unfortunately, not with the money that rides on wins and losses. Back in day the players would take the field with hangovers and not touch a weight during the offseason; I love hearing stories about the "old guard". But if you can't win today on a level playing field, then a coach should reassess his approach. The Patriots are featured in this conversation far too often for this to be considered an isolated case...

Last but not least, I am thrilled with the Packers defense this season! The offense has sputtered a bit over the last two weeks, and the defense has really stepped up to the task. I think we have a top 10 defense (finally), and with our offense we legitimately can be the top team in the league (over the Patriots, you say?? Uh-huh. I am not a mathematician, but I do know that Rodgers > Brady ). I am headed down the Office (great name for my local hole in the wall bar!) decked out in my Packers gear for the game against our own Chargers. We will see if I have any friends left after the game... GO PACK GO!!!

UPDATE:
  Dear Jesus. Scratch what I said about our great defense; allowing 500 yards passing to Phillip Rivers and struggling against the hapless Chargers should be a wakeup call. I am glad we have the bye week coming up because our offense has looked anemic for the better part of a month. This can be a great season, and three weak games in a row is a bit concerning, but I will have faith and R-E-L-A-X! GO PACK GO!!!
