---
layout: post
title: "Somebody Get Eli Manning The Smelling Salts"
description: ""
category: 
tags: 
date: 2015-08-18
image: /assets/article_images/2015-08-18-somebody-get-eli-manning-the-smelling-salts/manning2.jpg
---


<p>Hoooo-leeee shit. I gotta be honest, people; this is not a topic that I felt I would ever have to address, but here goes. Reports are that Eli Manning wants to be the highest paid quarterback in the NFL and his agent thinks he should be. Stop and think about that for a second. Finished laughing? Yeah, it took a while for me to clear the tears from my eyes, and I am pretty sure I peed myself a little, but let's try to continue. For starters, Eli (or Ellie, as I like to call him) isn't in the top 5 (duh...), and most would say that he is not even in the top 10 QB's in the league. Hell, he isn't even the best QB named "Manning" in the league, and I am pretty sure he ranks as the 3rd best QB in his own family. Just stating facts, people. So if you if you are giving me the canned response of "he has more superbowl victories than his brother" (and you therefore dont understand how team sports work) or you are unfortunate enough to live in NY (and dont like being reminded that the Giants have not won a playoff game in nine of his 11 seasons), please feel free to hit the 'X' in the top right corner of your browser at this time. I only cater to people with an IQ larger than their shoe size. But I digress! True fans should quickly point out that Vince Young has a higher career winning percentage than Ellie, and that pretty much says it all.</p><p>I have never been fond of Ellie, and it stems from how he handled himself during the NFL draft process. Only a complete brat would spoil the honor of being the first pick in the draft by refusing to play for the team that chooses him. Bitch move, Ellie, bitch move. Yes, John Elway also pulled the same stunt in '83, and in both cases their fathers handled their little boys' business for them behind the scenes, forever emasculating them. Just take a look at Ellie's draft night pic as he holds up the Chargers jersey (with that pout bitch face), and if you didn't notice, he refused to put on the chargers hat. In an interview two years ago he had this to say:</p><p>"Did I put the hat on? No? I didn't put the hat on?" Manning asked. "I just, my hair was feeling good that day. I didn't want to mess it up."</p><p>You cant make this stuff up, people. It is an honor and a privilege to not only to be able to play this game for a living (and make shit loads of money), but to be chosen first is something that every pop warner player dreams about. And Ellie completely thumbed his nose at it.</p><p>I live in San Diego, and everyone here is happy with the way things worked out. Phillip Rivers is a much better QB and a fighter, not a crier. He has enjoyed a decidedly better statistical career, and while the Chargers have no Superbowl appearances in the last 20 years, the addition of Ellie would not have made a difference. It was the team that won those title matches for the Giants, not the QB.</p><p>Ellie should not be paid as though he were the best QB in the league, but stranger things have happened. Remember a few years ago when Joe Flacco became the highest paid QB in the league? I know, it felt like Bizarro World with a mid-range QB making that kind of money. Regardless, anything can happen when idiots with tons of money are desperate to make things happen (*cough* Jerry Jones *cough*). I will close this rant with a shout out to my brothers back in Redskins country. Check the score at the bottom of the pic, I hope you guys have more of that this year! HAIL TO THE REDSKINS! #KeepTheName</p>
