---
layout: post
title: "Randall Cobb Is A Football Genius"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
date: 2015-07-25
image: /assets/article_images/2015-07-25-randall-cobb-is-a-football-genius/gregjennings.jpg
---

<p>I realize that this is a little late, but my site wasn't live when this was current, and undeniable football truths have no expiration date. Randall Cobb's football IQ is a welcome departure from the "show me the money" mindset that is wrecking the careers of some very talented young players. Cobb could have easily made another $2 million/year more playing for another team than resigning with the Pack, but he "gets it". This is where his football IQ comes into play. I am not talking about his  "X's and O's" IQ, but understanding what it takes to achieve every players goal; to hoist the Lombardi. When it comes to free agency, a coveted player either chases the money or the Lombardi. At $10 million/year, Cobb isn't going to be hurting financially, and he knows that that his best chance to win a Super Bowl is right here, right now. I really thought that we were going to lose another great receiver to free agency, but was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps the Green Bay staff and veteran players gently pointed out what happens when great receivers part ways with great quarterbacks...  </p>
<p>Remember the guy in this pic? Greg Jennings wants nothing more than to jump in the Delorean and hit 88 mph all the way back to Lambeau. Instead of staying with the best QB in the league (it isn't even a discussion), he takes the money from the Vikings (a five-year contract worth a maximum of $47.5 million and $18 million guaranteed) and decides that catching passes from Christian Ponder is a better option for him. How's that working out, Greg? Two seasons later and he is released by the Vikings, spends the off-season without any suitors, eventually signing a deal is worth 2 year/$8 million with the Dolphins. How does THAT even happen? The vikings will put *anybody* on the field (*cough* Favre *cough*). Wow, how fortunes can change when you have your head up your ass. I have seen this a few times over the years, most notably Javon Walker back in 2004. Unfortunately represented by the vampiric Drew Rosenhaus, he wants more money despite having two more years on his rookie contract. We trade him and "poof!"; three years later he is out of the league. </p>
<p>This brings me back to Mr. Cobb. He has the professional maturity to understand that opportunity is not always defined by the dollar, and that in football, smart money is worth more than big money. I think that we have a special group of receivers now that understand how good they have it in Green Bay. Catching passes from the best in what can only be called the "church of football", with a top 5 back to keep the defense honest. It could be worse, just ask Greg Jennings...